hi everyone
this is our cigar
the first one that we've done we're
pretty okay with it you know it could
have been a little bit better next time
we know what to do to make it just a
little bit tighter she wanted this cake
for ten people and what I did was I
baked a quarter sheet cake level to cut
it in half Tracy made the cigars and we
printed on edible image cigar labels to
put around them the cigars are made out
of chocolate fondant with this one you
can see that we tried to make it look
like it was brined with like the ashes
we dipped the end of it in cookies and
cream filling that we had left over then
we sprinkled it with some red sugar and
then we have it like the message is
coming out of that cigar happy birthday
Michael
we did the little plaque with his name
Michael the little hydrometer thingy and
the little humidifier thing I think
that's what those things are called yes
I wasn't too bad I was a lot more work
of course it was a lot more work than
you think the lid it's okay
next time we know what to do basically
we had just made the lid part and then
to get it in there we didn't could have
figured out how to do that but Robin
made a little extra cardboard attaching
it to that and then Pilar's going in
this way not this way but this way three
pillars we're stuck on the board and
then there indicate like that like I
said it could be a little neater but
this is what we have there was some gold
accents
so hopefully she'll like it Tata for now
you